hi everyone my name is t pin I am the
CEO and founder of several companies
including ksw Solutions which is a
business consulting company out of
Israel I work with dozens of uh
literally dozens uh of service providers
and one of the most annoying things on
planet Earth is when you have to chew
everything and spon feed the person that
is doing the job because I can do it
myself at the end of the day I'm hiring
somebody else to do it for me uh working
with you was fantastic a quick and brief
description of what is it that I want
and pretty much immediately the
framework and what I got immediately was
pretty much spot on um no complaints
communication is fast efficient
everything's great deliverables across
all steps were fantastic I have several
websites one of them is the companies
and one of them is my own an individual
private personal one and I wanted a good
one and despite living in Israel the
startup Nation I couldn't find a decent
company to build me a website sure there
are many um saw some recommendations
reached out to you Mr Sam Dunning and I
am very happy and very pleased with the
results uh please whomever watching this
feel free reaching out to me by any
means
uh email WhatsApp phone LinkedIn I'll
always give you a
recommendation I'd say that there are
several reasons not to be working with
someone uh price deliverables quality
Etc I checked and verified and got
everything I wanted for the price is
reasonable the deliverables are great
the speed is
fantastic no cons only Pros you're the
man